README.md, before:

# Pryv guidelines

Pryv is made of many heterogeneous components, written by different people, and we just can't do without at least a minimal set of guidelines. As for any of those, our goal is to minimize friction in collaboration and delivery/takeover by requiring a reasonable level of uniformity and consistency.


## Audience

Everyone working on Pryv apps and services, either internally or on mandate from us.


## Contents

We try to be brief and terse, keeping to guidelines themselves and avoiding the rationales behind.

- Coding guidelines are in `code`, covering general aspects and Javascript. The goal is to add coding guidelines for every other language that we frequently use (starting with HTML/CSS), as well as UI and—if applicable—UX guidelines (in a future `ui-ux` folder).
- Quick collaboration guidelines are in `collaboration.md`.


## Usage

Read and understand (or clarify) the guidelines that pertain to your work for Pryv. Note that specific guidelines (e.g. for a particular language) always apply over general guidelines in case of contradiction. If anything rubs you the wrong way, discuss with us. Everything is a work-in-progress, everything is debatable, but nothing should be silently ignored. So let's talk if you...

- just disagree
- feel your specific case calls for doing things differently
- think of aspects that should be covered here but aren't, or that are covered here but shouldn't.


## License

(Revised BSD license, adapted.)

Copyright (c) 2013, Pryv S.A. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use of this work, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Neither the name of Pryv nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this work without specific prior written permission.

THIS WORK IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL PRYV BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS WORK, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Commit message:

Split collab guidelines into separate files and updated definitions of 'done'

README.md, after:

# Pryv guidelines

Pryv is made of many heterogeneous components, written by different people, and we just can't do without at least a minimal set of guidelines. As for any of those, our goal is to minimize friction in collaboration and delivery/takeover by requiring a reasonable level of uniformity and consistency.


## Audience

Everyone working on Pryv apps and services, either internally or on mandate from us.


## Contents

We try to be brief and terse, keeping to guidelines themselves and avoiding the rationales behind.

- Coding guidelines are in `code`
	- [General](https://github.com/pryv/guidelines/blob/master/code/general.md)
	- [Javascript](https://github.com/pryv/guidelines/blob/master/code/javascript.md), with .jshintrc files for [Node.js](https://github.com/pryv/guidelines/blob/master/code/javascript-node.jshintrc) and [browser](https://github.com/pryv/guidelines/blob/master/code/javascript-browser.jshintrc) code
- Collaboration guidelines are in `collaboration`
	- [Definitions of "done"](https://github.com/pryv/guidelines/blob/master/collaboration/definitions-of-done.md)
	- [Development cycle](https://github.com/pryv/guidelines/blob/master/collaboration/development-cycle.md)


## Usage

Read and understand (or clarify) the guidelines that pertain to your work for Pryv. Note that specific guidelines (e.g. for a particular language) always apply over general guidelines in case of contradiction. If anything rubs you the wrong way, discuss it. Everything is a work-in-progress, everything is debatable, but nothing should be silently ignored. So let's talk if you...

- just disagree
- feel your specific case calls for doing things differently
- think of aspects that should be covered here but aren't, or that are covered here but shouldn't.


## License

(Revised BSD license, adapted.)

Copyright (c) 2013, Pryv S.A. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use of this work, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Neither the name of Pryv nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this work without specific prior written permission.

THIS WORK IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL PRYV BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS WORK, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
