code/javascript.md, before:

# Javascript coding guidelines


## Testing

- Our preferred testing framework is [Mocha](http://visionmedia.github.com/mocha/), with "should"-style assertions (e.g. [Should.js](https://github.com/visionmedia/should.js/)).


## Code

### Naming

- General functions & variables: `camelCase`
- Constructor functions: `PascalCase`
- Enumeration objects and properties used as constants: `PascalCase` (+ apply `Object.freeze()`)

### Code layout / style

- String delimiter = single quote
- Spacing:
	- Add a space after each of the following unless it's followed by a new line: comma, conditionals (`if`, `else`, `for`, etc.), closing parenthese, negation operator (`!`)
	- Add a space before and after binary and ternary operators (`+`, `&&`, `?` etc.)

### Comments

- Follow the [JSDoc format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSDoc) for all non-inline comments

### Miscellaneous

- Always use strict equality: `===` or `!==`
- Keep functions short and operating within a single level of abstraction
- Prefer duck-typing to `instanceof` type testing
- Use [lodash](http://lodash.com) as a general-purpose utility library when core Javascript constructs are not sufficient


## Node.js specifics

### Logging

- Do not use `console.log()` (except temporarily for tests and debugging)
- Logging in production code should use [winston](https://github.com/flatiron/winston) but be ready for quick replacement (by a custom wrapper or an alternative lib)
	- Put all winston-specific stuff (if any) in a single location
	- Use a generic name like `logger` for your logging objects (example: `var logger = require('winston')`, then `logger.info(message)`)
	- If you have multiple components issuing log messages (e.g. routes, sockets, storage), include context information with each message (could be done via a wrapper for convenience)
- Logging levels to use (order by severity): `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`


## Recommended JSHint settings

```javascript
/*jshint bitwise:true, curly:true, eqeqeq:true, forin:true, newcap:true, noarg:true, noempty:true, nonew:true, undef:true, unused:true, indent:2, quotmark:single, maxparams:4, maxlen:100 */
```

(For node code, add `, node:true` to the above.)

Commit message:

Added master JSHint settings files (.jshintrc)

code/javascript.md, after:

# Javascript coding guidelines


## Testing

- Our preferred testing framework is [Mocha](http://visionmedia.github.com/mocha/), with "should"-style assertions (e.g. [Should.js](https://github.com/visionmedia/should.js/)).


## Code

### Naming

- General functions & variables: `camelCase`
- Constructor functions: `PascalCase`
- Enumeration objects and properties used as constants: `PascalCase` (+ apply `Object.freeze()`)

### Code layout / style

- String delimiter = single quote
- Spacing:
	- Add a space after each of the following unless it's followed by a new line: comma, conditionals (`if`, `else`, `for`, etc.), closing parenthese, negation operator (`!`)
	- Add a space before and after binary and ternary operators (`+`, `&&`, `?` etc.)

### Comments

- Follow the [JSDoc format](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSDoc) for all non-inline comments

### Miscellaneous

- Always use strict equality: `===` or `!==`
- Keep functions short and operating within a single level of abstraction
- Prefer duck-typing to `instanceof` type testing
- Use [lodash](http://lodash.com) as a general-purpose utility library when core Javascript constructs are not sufficient


## Node.js specifics

### Logging

- Do not use `console.log()` (except temporarily for tests and debugging)
- Logging in production code should use [winston](https://github.com/flatiron/winston) but be ready for quick replacement (by a custom wrapper or an alternative lib)
	- Put all winston-specific stuff (if any) in a single location
	- Use a generic name like `logger` for your logging objects (example: `var logger = require('winston')`, then `logger.info(message)`)
	- If you have multiple components issuing log messages (e.g. routes, sockets, storage), include context information with each message (could be done via a wrapper for convenience)
- Logging levels to use (order by severity): `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`


## JSHint settings

See included `.jshintrc` files:

- `javascript-browser.jshintrc` for browser code (assumes use of Underscore/Lodash and jQuery)
- `javascript-node.jshintrc` for Node.js code

Those files serve as master JSHint settings in our JS repos.
